Add documentation for dotnet nuget config commands (#41019)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-config-unset.md

---
title: dotnet nuget config unset command
description: The dotnet-nuget-config command helps manage nuget configuration files.
author: martinrrm
ms.date: 05/14/2024
---
# dotnet nuget config unset

**This article applies to:** ✔️ .NET 8.0.2xx SDK and later versions

## Name

`dotnet nuget config unset` - Removes the key-value pair from a specified NuGet configuration setting.

## Synopsis

```dotnetcli
dotnet nuget config unset <CONFIG-KEY> [--configfile <FILE>]

dotnet nuget config unset -h|--help
```

## Description

The `dotnet nuget config unset` 

## Arguments

- **`CONFIG_KEY`**
  
  The key of the settings that are to be removed.

## Options

- **`--configfile <FILE>`**

  The NuGet configuration file (*nuget.config*) to use. If specified, only the settings from this file will be used. If not specified, the hierarchy of configuration files from the current directory will be used. For more information, see [Common NuGet Configurations](/nuget/consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior).

[!INCLUDE [help](../../../includes/cli-help.md)]

## Examples

> * Removes's the `repositoryPath` config value from the current directory:
> 
>   ```dotnetcli
>   dotnet nuget config unset repositoryPath
>   ```
> 
> * Removes's the `repositoryPath` config value from the specified configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removes the `repositoryPath` config value from the current directory:

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget config unset repositoryPath
  ```

* Removes the `repositoryPath` config value from the specified configuration file:
```
